Rabbitmq metrics support (#442)
GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy: k8s/rabbitmq/README.md

To send and receive messages to RabbitMQ using Python, see the
[RabbitMQ Tutorial](https://www.rabbitmq.com/tutorials/tutorial-one-python.html).

# Application metrics

## Prometheus metrics

The application is configured to expose its metrics through
[RabbitMQ Prometheus.io exporter plugin](https://github.com/deadtrickster/prometheus_rabbitmq_exporter) 
in the [Prometheus format](https://github.com/prometheus/docs/blob/master/content/docs/instrumenting/exposition_formats.md).

> More details about the plugin setup can be found in the official documentation of RabbitMQ -

Reviewer: Please treat it as optional.

```suggestion
For more detailed information about the plugin setup, see the official RabbitMQ's [Monitoring with Prometheus documentation](https://www.rabbitmq.com/prometheus.html).
```

> [Monitoring with Prometheus](https://www.rabbitmq.com/prometheus.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Monitoring with Prometheus](https://www.rabbitmq.com/prometheus.html).
```

Metrics can be read on a single HTTP endpoint available at `[APP_BASE_URL]/api/metrics`,
where `[APP_BASE_URL]` is the base URL address of the application.

> For example, if you [expose RabbitMQ service internally using port forwarding](#access-rabbitmq-service),

Reviewer: Please treat it as optional.

I've rephrase this sentence in https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/click-to-deploy/pull/441/files, so this can be something like:

---

```
For example, you can
[expose RabbitMQ service internally using port forwarding](#access-rabbitmq-service),
and then access the metrics by navigating to the [http://localhost:15672/metrics](http://localhost:15672/metrics) endpoint.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
